[edge-config] Make `@opentelemetry/api` optional and add `setTracerProvider` function (#620)
vercel/storage: packages/edge-config/README.md

export const config = { runtime: 'edge' };
```

## OpenTelemetry Tracing

> The `@vercel/edge-config` package makes use of the OpenTelemetry standard to trace certain functions for observability. In order to enable it, use the function `setTracer` to set the `TraceAPI` that should be used by the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@vercel/edge-config` package makes use of the OpenTelemetry standard to trace certain functions for observability. In order to enable it, use the function `setTracerProvider` to set the `TracerProvider` that should be used by the SDK.
```

```js
import { setTracerProvider } from '@vercel/edge-config';
import { trace } from '@opentelemetry/api';

> setTracerProvider(trace);

Reviewer: Is it correct to pass `trace` when a TracerProvider is expected?

Author: Yes
